Same name, 18 times, 2500 or 2600 years ago, the name was also Kushingar and now it's called
Kushingar, so it came here. I think that time, this Kushingar is not really good, nice city,
not already old looking city. And he reached to the Chishala city and he told him, "Now,
this is the place I'm going to enter mahaparinirvana." Ananda said, "Why you enter the mahaparinir
vana
that is really the world poverty, not good failure, maybe something better." And then
Buddha said, "You couldn't say that. This is a similar history." Buddha told so many
histories, so many great things, so many great powerful things, warm up another thing in the
past. They all ruled here and stayed there. Easily long restored of the Chishala. This is the
perfect place to enter mahaparinirvana. So he told Ananda, "Hold my robe four times, lay out on the
ground, in between Chishala trees." I think this is maybe Chishala trees, salt trees. And then his
head is facing to the north and the lion's horse as whenever you all know. Head is facing north
and in the right shoulder is on the floor, right side is on the ground, left up and then extend the
left arm along the body and his right palm rest on the on the head. And then he said these four
seals of the teachings, again he repeated, that I think whenever you know all compound things in
the parliament, all the emotions are the source of suffering. Every phenomenon exists in the
emptiness and the egolessness. And the nirvana is totally fixed. That four seals of all
emblem teachings of the Buddhist. He repeated again, again and then he laid down. And then
again he said all phenomena existed is impermanent. And this is my last voice that you will hear.
And don't neglect. The voice of the enlightenment is very rare. You must observe that in the heart
and the mind and everybody can make it. And then of course many of those who are rich, they reach
Arhata and they feel very upset and they start crying, lot of emotions that but everyone is
staying silent and quiet and then Buddha et al Mahabharata. And third is such a deep state,
observance state of mind. In the teachings he said he's completely become so silent.
Even the external breath is completely stubbed but still the inner breath is moving so beautifully
subtle and represented to the most highest, the most observance state of mental consciousness.
And I think in Tibet they called something rajjicimo, the peak of the samadhi he went.
And then that time many Arhata told the Buddha completely, they told Mahabharata and Nirvana.
A great Arhata, Mangava said no, still Buddha is the most highest peak of the consciousness
or the observance state of mind. Still his mind is there. And they stayed for a short time
and then Buddha et al Mahabharata told Mahabharata and Nirvana. And so that is supposed to be this
place.
And after I think because Buddha they thought to be permitted immediately or soon after that
but they they put so many this kings of the many kings and queens they bought so many
can really break his wood, the central wood and all the things trying to permit but prior didn't
catch because Kachapa, Kachapa was not there. Maha Kachapa was still in rajjicri so then they
informed it, informed it and Kachapa came. And there's another one in the teachings said
Arhata nor the following day who is meditating on the northern side of the mountain Sumeru.
He also completely meditated and the moment I think they rang the bell there's a call in
Tibet or in the Dharma there's called in Gindi. Gindi is a long string you put on here and they
banged this. So he heard that voice that sound so strong he thought what is this through his
meditating then he saw Buddha is entering Mahabharata and Nirvana. So he came immediately to that
and
then Kachapa came when Kachapa arrived he looked the Buddha's body and that was final kind of
final view of the Buddha's body and then that moment then salt emanated fire came
and burned then cremation cremated or burned. So this is the place.